# Software-Engineering-II-Project in AUTH | GymFuelX Application Documentation

## School of Electrical & Computer Engineering | 9th Semester, University of Thessaloniki, 2023

### Project Website: [GymFuelX Project](https://chryskoum.github.io/SE1-Project-GymFuelX/)

## Table of contents

- [Swagger Guide](#swagger-guide)
- [Overview](#overview)
    - [Introduction](#introduction)
    - [Project Management and Quality Measurement](#project-management-and-quality-measurement)
    - [Project Development](#project-development)
    - [Agile Methodology](#agile-methodology)
    - [Testing](#testing)
- [Software Engineering I](#software-engineering-i)
- [Team](#team)
- [Hackathon](#hackathon)

## Swagger Guide

### Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.
#### Running the server
To run the server, run:

```
npm start
```

To view the Swagger UI interface:

```
open http://localhost:8080/docs
```

## Overview

In Software Engineering I, we established a solid foundation by focusing on User Requirements, UI/UX Design, Software Specifications, and System Implementation. Building on this groundwork, Software Engineering II advanced our skills through the stages of Development, Testing, and Debugging. These principles were practically applied in the development of GymFuelX, an innovative fitness and diet technology application. This project encapsulates our journey through the software engineering lifecycle, showcasing our ability to evolve an application from initial concepts to a fully functional product. **
[SE I Repository Project Link](https://github.com/ChrysKoum/SE1-Project-GymFuelX)**

### Introduction

GymFuelX integrates workout routines with nutrition management, providing users with customized fitness and nutrition plans. The focus is on health, innovation, and leveraging technological advancements to meet users' wellness needs.

### Project Management and Quality Measurement

- **Cyclopt:** We used Cyclopt for project management and quality measurements. More details can be found at [Cyclopt](https://www.cyclopt.com/).

### Project Development

- **Advanced User Authentication and Security Measures:** Strengthening user data protection and access control.
- **Enhanced CI/CD Pipeline:** Streamlining development cycles for efficiency.
- **Quality Assurance Testing:** Rigorous testing to identify and fix bugs, ensuring reliability.
- **Feature Integration:** Adding new features based on user feedback and market trends.
- **Scalability:** Ensuring the application can handle increasing user demands effectively.

### Agile Methodology

The project follows Agile methodologies to manage development efficiently. Agile practices include:

- **Sprint Planning:** Organizing work into sprints to focus on incremental progress.
- **Daily Standups:** Regular meetings to discuss progress, challenges, and next steps.
- **Sprint Reviews and Retrospectives:** Reviewing completed work and discussing improvements for future sprints.
- **Backlog Grooming:** Prioritizing tasks and ensuring the backlog reflects current project needs.

### Testing

Testing is a critical aspect of the development process, ensuring the application meets quality standards. Key testing practices include:

- **Unit Testing:** Testing individual components for correct functionality.
- **Integration Testing:** Ensuring different parts of the application work together seamlessly.
- **System Testing:** Verifying the complete system's functionality.
- **User Acceptance Testing (UAT):** Ensuring the application meets user requirements.
- **Automated Testing with Selenium:** Conducting automated tests to streamline the testing process.

## Software Engineering I

The foundations of GymFuelX were established in the Software Engineering I course. This initial phase focused on understanding user requirements, system specifications, and building a prototype of the application. Key elements included:

- **User Requirements and System Specifications:** Detailed understanding of user needs and system expectations.
- **Prototype Development:** Initial version of GymFuelX to showcase core functionalities.
- **Static Modeling:** Conceptual representation of the application's data structure.


**SE I Repository Project Link: **
[Link](https://github.com/ChrysKoum/SE1-Project-GymFuelX)

## Team

- **Chrysostomos Koumides:** [Personal Website](https://github.com/ChrysKoum/ChrysK)
- **Dimos Kompitselidis:** [Personal Website](https://komisd.github.io/Portfolio-Website/)
- **Michalis Dadopoulos:** [GitHub Account](https://github.com/MDadopoulos)
- **Tryfon Kalt:** [GitHub Account](https://github.com/tryfkalt)

## Hackathon

As part of the course, a hackathon was held to test a demo website using Selenium. For more details, visit the [BugBusters Cypress Hackathon Repository](https://github.com/ChrysKoum/BugBusters-Cypress-Hackathon).
